Documentation Links
	A. RPi.GPIO

Arena TODOS:
Soccer Screen:
	1. Lights for game paused.
		- Switch to breathing yellow lights or blinking yellow lights?

WaitingForPlayerAndDoors Screen:
	1. Lights for waiting for players to close doors.
		- Create a special fill pattern based off of the pattern that is given through
			the configuration file. This will allow for faster communication.

	2. Lights for waiting for players to press ready.

	3. Lights for doors not closed when player presses ready.

	4. Doors - lights Make sure to change lights when if the door needs to be closed before
		   the match can begin and they are not closed.

	5. Fix the text for when a player closes a door.
		- This needs to say door closed and have the text color changed to black instead of white.
General:
	Make sure that names entered are transfered to the victory screens correctly.
		- Just need to verify this, it should already be working (I think).

Media Requirements inside of Main apps:
	1. A configuration for using unix domain sockets for communicating between main and media
		apps.
	2. Figure out how to handle communication messages.
	3. May need to switch to AsyncIO event loop for both apps.

Options/nice to haves:
	1. (Optional) Create a special button on main screen to allow people to open/close the doors?
	2. (Optional) Lights for idle.
		A. Turning off lights for idle.


Media Screens:

	Configuring deathmatch screen:
		Sound - "Deathmatch"

	Configure Soccer Screen:
		- Working on image.
		Sound - "Blood sports ball"
			1. "Soccer"
			2. "GO"

	RunDeathmatchScreen
		- Needs to display time,
		-	as well as the door drop time information.

	RunSoccerScreen
		- No sound with the exception of scoring a goal.
		- When a goal is scored we may need a goal scored screen.


  Waiting for players and doors screen:
		- Have something indicating that doors need to close.
		- Have something indicating door status.
		Sounds
				- Maybe a buzzer noise for if the player pushes the button without
				the door closed?
				- Cocking a gun noise for door closed? Some kind of metalic ca-ching noise would be fine
					Followed by a bing sound.
					- Suggestions for metalic noises
						1. Lock closing shackle
						2. Cocking a gun
						3. Dropping a metal on a another piece of metal
				- A Polite bing noise indicating that a player is ready.
				- buzzer noise if we exit configuration.




	Count down screen:
		Sounds "3"
					 "2"
					 "1"
					 "GO" - I'm not else what to put for soccer?
					 "FIGHT" - death match

	

	Victory Screen:
		Sounds
			This needs a kazoo noise.
	
	MatchOver - Match over and no winner selected yet:
		Sound
			- It would be really funny to put the jeopardy thinking theme music here.